## •	How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
- I try to create methods and objects that are singular in focus, not trying to do to many things at once, and abstract, decoupled from specific implementations. Keeping each statement direct and as simple as possible helps me to understand the code later when going through it. Additionally placing comments in the conde to convey the direction and purpose of code groups and methods keep me from having to try and remember what I was doing with the code. When working on CRUD, my intent was to build a library that was not limited to the project task but could be used in other programming efforts as well. This led me to create different versions of the method that I was not using for the project. A major advantage of doing this way is increasing chances of quality code reusability.
## •	How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
- The primary focus to start with is the client’s intent or “user story.” What the customer wants or needs the software to do may not be in the specifications, requirements, or even in their own knowledge. Without knowing the purpose or problem the software is trying to address, it is more difficult to craft or discover the solution the software needs to provide. I tried to put myself in the customer’s position to understand the need the customer was trying to solve. With any insight from reviewing the customer’s perspective along with the requirements of the software I tried to address the need. In this case, many of these decisions and revelations were already made. The customer’s need for an online solution, the need for a client / server solution, the consistency of an accessible data store, and finally the ability to present and filter the data on the customer’s device whether it be a desktop, phone, or tablet. 
- I will continue to learn and develop with the tools we applied Plotly’s Dash, Pandas, Plotly, Python, and PyNotebook were extremely useful in working the data and converting it to HTML. 
## •	What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
- Computer scientists work with data and processes attempting to identify and/or provide solutions to problems and needs for clients, other entities, and/or themselves. The presence of Data is a certainty which necessitates a computer scientist being prepared and capable in working with data in their applications and providing meaningful data from it.
<br><br>Thank you,
Jimmie
